Cxp 657 new connect menu (#484)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/getting-started/connect-the-pim-4x/step-3.md

That's it! :tada:

> Whenever your connector will start making REST API calls, you will be able to check whether your connector is actually working. Indeed, we got you covered with the **Data flows dashboard**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever your connector starts making REST API calls, you will be able to monitor your connection's data flows. Indeed, we got you covered with the **Data flows dashboard**.  
```
